# Project Name: VENGEANCE: AN NYUAD FILM
Link: https://zunairviqar.github.io/zunairviqar.github.io-Movie/


## Project Description
VENGEANCE is a joint website and horror film that delves into the corruption of social media. Revolving around the protagonist Zunair Viqar, he is seen to be “Mr. Perfect” and the most popular student at New York High School, Abu Dhabi. The plot takes pace mainly on Zunair’s computer screen, where he has limited control as to how to deal with a supposed “virus” in a Truth or Dare game he plays with his friends. As the game proceeded, it got scary, with the surveillance footage as the robot hacks into the webcams of their electronic devices. The person controlling the robot reveals himself as he clarifies his intents to gain closure and get revenge of what Zunair did to him in the past by leaking the bullying video over social media. This destroys Zunair's character and status over social media as his friends condemn him for his actions and he gets suspended from school. The story signifies the importance of social status on social media platforms, as Zunair succumbs to suicide after the video ruined his reputation.

## Process: 
We first began with recording individual videos of ourselves speaking our lines to account for the possible lagging issues of a real video call. This would ensure that our video was in the best quality it could be, especially considering we are all in different areas of the world. For the editing process, it was mainly a process of incorporating sounds and visuals that gave a feeling of being in a computer screen. We combined both “real life” and “on screen” footage to feel as if the protagonist is shifting back and forth between virtual and reality. For creating the website, our group decided to put the atmosphere of a “virus” into the experience. When told that it looked too much like a hacker, we decided that we would mix in the true culprit of the video: social media. Changing the moving background of the video from film dust to glitching icons of various apps such as Snapchat and Vine, we show how social media is turning to something much more than just tools for connection, but something used for blackmail and status.

## Reflection/Evaluation:
Our goals and expectations were met in the the final version of the website and the video, as it gives the user an interactive experience as if they were the ones controlling the computer themselves. Getting feedback from first-time watchers of the video, they say that the experience was enjoyable to watch as it is a concept that they never really saw on the media. The theme of the Cast page was to incorporate the concept of privacy settings in social media and the dangers of hacking. It starts off with the privacy settings on, where you are not able to see the groupmates. However, when you toggle the button off, our headshots are finally seen. When you hover over the pictures, the flipcard shows each groupmate’s Facebook profile in the perspective of the user, as if someone truly hacked into our social media. We originally thought that we wouldn’t be able to finish our project in time, considering our situation and that we weren’t able to meet up to film. However, we feel like this pushed our creative boundaries and helped us create something that was unique and future memories.
